Update README.md (#1458)
PowerShell/PSResourceGet: README.md

If you were familiar with the PowerShellGet 3.0 project, we renamed the module to be PSResourceGet, for more information please read [this blog](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/powershellget-in-powershell-7-4-updates/).

If you would like to open a PR please open an issue first so that necessary discussion can take place.
Please open an issue for any feature requests, bug reports, or questions for PSResourceGet.
Please note, the repository for PowerShellGet v2 is available at [PowerShell/PowerShellGetv2](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShellGetv2).

> The repository for the PowerShellGet v3 is available at [PowerShell/PowerShellGetv2](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShellGet).

Reviewer: isn't this the PSResourceGEt repo?

Reviewer: oh no that's fine, I think we mean that the repository for PowerShellGet, which will act as Compat so something like this perhaps:
```suggestion
The repository for the PowerShellGet, which will act as the Compat layer, is available at [PowerShell/PowerShellGet](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShellGet).
```
